🦄 MEGA MOVE - big rework of the boostrap and align to the TL500 approach 🔥 (#226)
rht-labs/ubiquitous-journey: README.md

2. An example (`pet-battle`) to show how the same structure can be used to implement GitOps for a simple three tiered app stack.

## How do I run it? 🏃‍♀️

### Prereq 
0. OpenShift 4.6 or greater (cluster admin user required) - https://try.openshift.com
1. Install helm v3 (cli) or greater - https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart

Install an instance of ArgoCD. There are several methods to install ArgoCD in OpenShift. Pick your favourite flavour 🍦

1. Use the community Operator for ArgoCD with some defaults to get up and running.
```bash
helm repo add redhat-cop https://redhat-cop.github.io/helm-charts
helm upgrade --install argocd \
  --create-namespace \
  --namespace labs-ci-cd \
  redhat-cop/argocd-operator
```

2. Use the Red Hat supported GitOps Operator
```bash
helm repo add redhat-cop https://redhat-cop.github.io/helm-charts
helm upgrade --install argocd \
  --create-namespace \
  --namespace labs-ci-cd \
  redhat-cop/gitops-operator
```

> If you use either of the helm approaches, I strongly recommend you get a copy of the `values.yaml` and make edits that way. This values file can be checked in to this repo and be kept if further changes are needed such as adding in private `repositoryCredentials` or other handy stuff. eg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use either of the helm approaches, I strongly recommend you get a copy of the `values.yaml` and make edits that way. This values file can be checked in to this repo and be kept if further changes are needed such as adding in private `repositoryCredentials` or other handy stuff. For example, you have `argocd-values.yaml` file with your changes:
```

```bash
helm upgrade --install argocd \
  --create-namespace \
  --namespace labs-ci-cd \
  -f argocd-values.yaml \
  redhat-cop/argocd-operator
```

> 3. Go to the Operator Hub on OpenShift and hit install... But remember, you should try to back up the configuration of the ArgoCD Custom Resource instance for repeatability...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the Operator Hub on OpenShift and install via UI. But remember, you should store the configuration of the ArgoCD Custom Resource instance definition for repeatability.
```
